---
layout: post
title: R2R @ Ferrari 499P - VRC PT Ferrenzo P49
date: 2024-05-04 18:09:50 +0300
img: ferrari-499p.jpg
tags: [AC, VRC, CSP, R2R, Ferrari]
author: Theodore
---

Ferrari 499P - latest top-level prototype from Prancing Horse to compete in the FIA World Endurance Championship in the Le Mans Hypercar category since 2023. The introduction of the 499P marks 50 years since Ferrari last fielded a factory-backed sports prototype that contested for the overall win at the 24 Hours of Le Mans, and one of the 499Ps raced with the number 50 as a tribute.

The car was unveiled in October 2022 at the Ferrari Finali Mondiali, Ferrari's annual finale for their one-make series, Ferrari Challenge. The car made its competitive debut at the season-opening round of the 2023 FIA World Endurance Championship, the 2023 1000 Miles of Sebring. On its first outing at the 2023 24 Hours of Le Mans, the 499P driven by Antonio Giovinazzi, Alessandro Pier Guidi, and James Calado won the race.

As with other top-tier prototypes competing in the world’s major global series, the 499P is powered by a 671 horsepower twin-turbo hybrid motor. Weighing in at just 1030 kg, drivers will quickly cycle through its seven-speed sequential paddle shift to find top speed at long straightaways like those on the famed French circuit. Any driver who can find the limits of the 499P is among the best of the best in sports car racing, whether real or virtual.

_________________


> *This car uses many of the extended physics features and requires Content Manager (CM) and Custom Shader Patch 0.2.6 public (Build ID 3281) or above to work properly.*  You can get latest preview version of CSP [from here](https://aleksib09.github.io/mzxx/2025/04/06/light-patch-v028-preview/)!

Another ready to race car version from our favorite creator - VRC, the ***PT Ferrenzo P49*** aka **Ferrari 499P** makes it way to Assetto Corsa, now we have it here! Included with real liveries from 2023, 2024, 2025 running seasons, realistic logo and ignition screen of course.

## Download Link
- ModsFire: [ZIP File 1GB (Compressed)](https://modsfire.com/zPzLU9b9NL5O874)
